# CAP-6675-Hw2
Document:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W2BoBhOhZYlSr9K6OwLxkU4LJn3wHFCVmyN2xnUifrw/edit?usp=sharing
Slides:
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J0UN7pfYMv3rN6V3P8W_fxmneESJcEVAba-1aXWb7ps/edit?usp=sharing

## Running Configuration Episodes
The post-processing scripts work best when observing the following convention:

1. Generate the NetLogo raw CSV files using the name pattern
   `<config_name>-<format>-<run>.csv` where `<config_name>` refers to the
   configuration name (e.g., `config_1` for Configuration #1, `baseline_1` for
   Baseline 1, etc.), `<format>` refers to the format of the data (e.g., `raw`
   for raw NetLogo data, `gnuplot` for GnuPlot formatted data, etc.) and 
   `<run>` refers to the serial episode number.
2. Store the files for a particular configuration `<config_name>` in a directory
   that is also called `<config_name>` (e.g., the file
   `config_1-raw-1.csv` file would reside under the `config_1` directory).

## Post-Processing Generated Data
Once all of the raw NetLogo files are organized as described, the
`post_process.py` script can be used to automatically do the following things:

1. Translate the raw NetLogo data into CSV files that can be easily read in by
   GnuPlot.
2. Run the raw NetLogo files through a filter that produces a new CSV file with
   all of the observed rebellion instances in all of a configuration's episodes.

To run the script, one must invoke it as such (in this example, it is being
run from the project root):

    ./post_process.py <config_dir>

Where the `<config_dir>` argument refers to the directory where all of the raw
NetLogo files for a particular experiment configuration reside. After it is
done, the same directory will contain GnuPlot translated files for each episode
and one `filtered` format file for the entire experiment configuration.

The `T`, `D`, and `S` parameters described in the paper can be generated by
using the `summarize.py` script on the aforementioned `filtered`-formatted file.

## Creating GnuPlot Graphs
The `single_run_graph.gnuplot` GnuPlot script can be used to generate a line
graph depicting the agent counts during a single episode, similar to the graph
present in the NetLogo UI. To produce an Encapsulated PostScript image of an
episode's agent graph, invoke the GnuPlot script as follows:

    gnuplot -e "data_filename='<input csv>'" \
        -e "output_file='<output file>'"  \
        -e "config_name='<user friendly configuration name>'" \
        -e "episode_num=<episode number>" \
        ./single_run_graph.gnuplot

Where `<input csv>` refers to the GnuPlot translated file produced in the
post-processing step, `<output file>` refers to where the output EPS file should
be, `<user friendly configuration name>` refers to a more user-friendly name
for the episode's configuration, and `<episode number>` refers to the episode
number.
